Thinking back,
I thought I knew
what it meant to show love,
but I had a lot to learn.
Come on.
You’ve been at this for hours.
You need sleep.
Just five minutes.
Ben, Carl’s been calling.
You really should pay him another visit.
Grace says he’s not doing too good.
I will.
I promise
—just as soon as I get past this talk.
I’d known Carl and Grace since I was 17.
Carl had been my spiritual dad.
He was always there for me.
And with him being in and out
of the hospital,
I tried to be there for them.
But I’d just been so busy.
It seemed like so many new responsibilities
hit me all at once.
Brother Capra, do you have a second?
Hey, Kev.
Uhh, maybe a little later, OK?
But I figured that once my schedule freed up,
I’d make more time for everyone,
including Carl.
What I didn’t realize
is how quickly time can run out.
Grace said no one could know
he’d pass so suddenly
and not to beat myself up about it.
But I knew I would lament that decision
for a long time.
I never again
wanted to miss an opportunity to show love.
Brother Capra, do you have a second?
Hey, Kevin.
How’s it going?
Good . . .
I realized that learning
to show love more fully then,
would help prepare us for what lay ahead.
Eventually, showing love
would call for even greater sacrifices.
Hands up!
Get down!
On the floor!
Where are they?
Answer me!
I know you know where they are.
I’m so glad that I never gave up
in learning to show love
and that Jehovah never gave up on me.
Now when I see Carl,
I have centuries of happy memories,
centuries of showing him
and all of my brothers
and sisters loyal love.